README.md, before:

# Online Whiteboard

A simple online whiteboard application for tutoring, brainstorming, and collaboration.

## Features

- Drawing canvas with pen tool
- Multiple color options
- Adjustable pen thickness
- Eraser tool
- Clear canvas option
- Responsive design
- Touch support for mobile devices

## How to Use

1. **Pen Tool**: Click the pen button to draw on the whiteboard
2. **Colors**: Click on a color circle to change the drawing color
3. **Thickness**: Adjust the slider to change the pen/eraser thickness
4. **Eraser**: Click the eraser button to erase parts of your drawing
5. **Clear All**: Click the clear button to erase the entire whiteboard

## Live Demo

Visit [Online Whiteboard](https://your-netlify-url.netlify.app) to try it out!

## Local Development

To run the whiteboard locally:

1. Clone the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/oliveripkanam/onlinewhiteboard.git
```

2. Open the project folder:
```
cd onlinewhiteboard
```

3. Open the `index.html` file in your browser, or use a local server:
```
npx serve
```

## Deployment

This project is ready to be deployed on Netlify or any static site hosting service.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add undo/redo functionality with Ctrl+Z and Ctrl+X shortcuts

README.md, after:

# Online Whiteboard

A simple online whiteboard application for tutoring, brainstorming, and collaboration.

## Features

- Drawing canvas with pen tool
- Multiple color options
- Adjustable pen thickness
- Eraser tool
- Clear canvas option
- Undo/Redo functionality with keyboard shortcuts (Ctrl+Z, Ctrl+X)
- Responsive design
- Touch support for mobile devices

## How to Use

1. **Pen Tool**: Click the pen button to draw on the whiteboard
2. **Colors**: Click on a color circle to change the drawing color
3. **Thickness**: Adjust the slider to change the pen/eraser thickness
4. **Eraser**: Click the eraser button to erase parts of your drawing
5. **Clear All**: Click the clear button to erase the entire whiteboard
6. **Undo/Redo**: Use the undo/redo buttons or keyboard shortcuts (Ctrl+Z for undo, Ctrl+X for redo)

## Live Demo

Visit [Online Whiteboard](https://your-netlify-url.netlify.app) to try it out!

## Local Development

To run the whiteboard locally:

1. Clone the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/oliveripkanam/onlinewhiteboard.git
```

2. Open the project folder:
```
cd onlinewhiteboard
```

3. Open the `index.html` file in your browser, or use a local server:
```
npx serve
```

## Deployment

This project is ready to be deployed on Netlify or any static site hosting service.

## License

MIT
